Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

Jill Stein and Gary Johnson follows more than 155 and 3500 people respectively.
So the chances of following common people is more than Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump
who follow less people and while in Trump count mostly are his family members and staff.

Hillary Clinton being a politician can have more common friends with
another politician and Donald Trump may have more business leader
friends so there is pretty difficult to find the similarity among the groups they follow
and also the set of audience they target.
If we have to find similarity between the candidates we need to have various parameters such as
 organizations supported by them, audience belonging to their targeted ideologies, friends etc.






2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.

This is because they were fighting to be the President on the United States and 'The White House' is home to the
President. That is the ultimate aim that they were targeting which is to get into the White House. Hillary and Trump
emerged to be the no. 1 candidate from their respective political parties pinning down other candidates who were
running to be N0. 1 elect, from their respective parties.






3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

People who are related to Trump(basically whose last name is Trump), Donald-trump will supposedly be following.
He also follows anything with Trump in the title viz. Trump Organization, Trump National Doral, Trump Golf, Trump Waikiki. Also,
Trumps is an avid hater of mainstream media but still a large chunk of organizations that he follows are related to media.
This clearly proves that he only follows people whom he is related to or has good personal rapport with any individual or organization.

Whereas Gary Johnson is a businessman and was a popular governor during his two terms. He needs to follow more people in order to garner
attention of more people towards his ideologies. According to a data, quoted by himself, Gary said almost 60% of the American
people were unaware that he was running for Presidency.

Gary Johnson has been on Twitter since January 2009 whereas Donald Trump joined Twitter last year. Trump believes in his own ideologies and supports ideas of very
less people, be it the Republican candidates itself.

It shouldn't affect our analysis much because it didn't affect the general campaign last year as well during elections. It actually depends on the
number of people that follows you. For GovGaryJohnson, it is 347k whereas for president Trump it is 37.7 million.




4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

ANS: Total users count for four candidate=  5936
     Number of request per slot =15
     Sleep Window = 15 mins
     After rate limiting and neglecting the time taken to make the request,
     we see that ([395(5936/15=396)]-1) * 15(sleep window)= 5925 mins.
